All right.
In the last section, we have got all the comments of the post and we show them using map method and
we just got the text of the comments in this section.
We're going to complete the comment component and we show them one by one on top of each other.
So the comment section and also the post component are very similar.
We just want to show them like this.
You just want to add some margin or padding left.
And uh, it should be very similar and doesn't have any image or anything.
So for us we just go, we can go to the poster Jesus and we can just copy everything.
It was in contra a controversy and because the comment that Jeff and we paste it all here.
So now we just just can change them.
Uh, because, uh, we don't want the image part and also the.
Asking for it like and putting comments are a little bit different from here because we are using the
comment I.D., not the post I.D..
Okay.
So in order to not get confused here because you're we just getting post an it if you want to get comment
and I'd.
But we want to get the idea of post and also idea of comments so inside I that J.S. instead of just
sending it.
I want to change this one to comment idea.
I highly recommend you do it as well.
And also, we want to pass the post I.D., but because the post I.D. in here is defined as a global
state.
We cannot use the same name.
So instead we just use, for example, original.
Host.
I'd.
That's the same team.
Same.
But, uh, because we cannot use the same.
Same thing for.
Yeah, because we get an error.
Because when we define it here.
When we define it here.
And we cannot get it.
From here, too, because we are defining it two times.
So this one is going to be equal to post I.D., which is getting from the URL here using your router.
So this is going to be equal to ID.
Okay.
No insight comment.
Uh.
Inside this one comment that you instead of post and post, I'd be just get a comment.
Comment, I'd.
And also post I.D. So you call it original post?
I do.
Just the original post I.D. And also this one would be comment.
And, uh.
We don't want to show the comments.
So we delete this one because we don't want to get the number of comments.
So we delete this.
And, uh.
Everything we can keep here is we are getting the likes.
But we want to get the number of likes inside the comments.
So it should be DB post post I.D. or original post I.D., it should say.
Then we go to the comments collection.
And here.
Uh, we should choose that comment.
That comment I.D..
Okay.
And we just add a comma here.
So it goes inside that comment I.D. and checks the likes.
How many likes that it has and pass it to this likes state.
And also we want to add this on as a dependency as well comment it to.
Okay.
Then we have the.
We want to get the comments, as I mentioned.
We don't need this.
We delete them because we don't want to add comments inside the comments.
That is going to be very complicated, actually.
So we delete this.
Then we want to check that if the comment has a like or not, you can just use this one.
You don't need to change it.
That is fine because it checks the if the user I.D. exists inside the likes.
And for liking the post.
Instead of just say like post, which just said like comment.
And.
For deleting the like.
We should go to post or original post already.
And we go to inside the comments.
Collection and then comment I'd.
So we checked the likes.
And we delete that flex.
Okay.
And here we should add is so this is very similar we just the original post I.D. likes.
I should go inside the comments.
And comment.
I'd.
This is going to allow for adding the like.
So it's going to add the username as well.
And if they are not signing it, they're going to redirect the person to the signing page for deleting
the comments.
Let's change this one to delete comment.
You say, are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Okay.
So delete.
So I'm going to post and original post already.
And after that, we go to the comments.
And we check the comments idea.
And this is.
Should be.
Yeah, this one and this.
Okay.
Because we don't have any image.
We don't need to have this part and we don't need to come back to the homepage.
Actually, we just stay the same page.
So we delete all of them.
Yeah.
To say, if we don't redirect a person, that's fine.
Uh.
Here the image for the person.
It's going to be a comment.
And inside the comment, we have user image.
We don't need data for this.
Because inside the IED that J.S. when we got the comment.
Uh.
Maybe we need to relax.
Let me just leave it for now.
If you get an error, we can delay this.
I'm not sure about this.
So instead of pause, we just change this one to comment.
This can be comment.
And this is comment as well.
It's copy this.
This is data that comment and instead of text, we have comment.
And we don't want the image because we don't have any image for the replies.
So delete that for a chat icon we want to.
Set the post IED.
The post IED here is just the original.
Host Idi and we're going to open it.
That's fine.
And.
We don't want to see the number of comments here, so we delete this part.
And if the person is signed in and it's equal to comment.
Actually, we don't have the I.D..
We need it.
We need to add it.
Uh.
Because this idea is different from this.
We can get it.
I'll show you later.
So let's.
Let's first trust it.
We just say delete comment.
And then this kind of like comment.
This is a like comment as for.
If the number of likes is more than zero, that is fine.
We can keep it.
I think we can now check the browser to see what happens.
Okay, let's refresh the page.
So post is not defined and line 84.
84.
I know how.
Which pages comment that you use?
Line 84.
So.
This is showing image, though.
Say.
That's so weird.
So let me try again.
So I see the image.
Yeah.
ImageD.
Oh, we delete it.
That is different place.
This is, uh.
Let's close this one.
Our user image.
I'm sure I deleted the image.
I don't know.
What's that error?
So let me restart the server.
Maybe this is just a cache because it's showing a weird error.
We don't have that line, actually.
So let's refresh the page.
Okay.
That's a different story.
Comment that data is not a function, so we should delete the data.
So my guess was correct.
So from the top, anywhere we have data we deleted.
So.
We're just at this.
Anywhere.
We have data it deleted.
This is because we are getting it in a different way.
Okay.
Let's try again.
Still 93.
Line 93.
Again.
I don't know why it doesn't save this.
I need to restart the server again.
I don't know what happened today.
It's not.
It's not updating my.
Page animal.
Sometimes happens if you restart this computer, it's going to be fine.
I think.
No, we are not getting an error.
And also we are getting the comments.
Okay.
Sounds good.
That's nice.
So let's add another comment here, which I say.
Wow.
Okay.
It's added here.
That's okay.
And let's add to that, Marge, panning left so we know which one is comment.
So here at the top, dear inside comments, we just add a padding list of 20.
And now you're fresh.
Yeah.
I don't know what happened.
So we need to restart the server again.
Doesn't affect.
Yeah.
You see the padding now?
Okay, let's try the, like, functionality.
It's working.
And, uh, still, this phone is working.
Let's add the comment.
We just say.
New comments.
Okay.
The comments section is working too.
And the problem is I don't see the trash icon for the comment that I own.
So we go back to the place that we have the trash icon here.
Here we have the trash.
So that is actually wrong because if you look at the Forest Store.
We have the comment.
Okay.
And each comment doesn't have the user ID, we need the user ID and we just want to compare if the user
ID is equal to the person who is signing, who has decision.
So we need to.
When we add a comment inside the comment model.
Now we also need to add the user ID so we just say user you ID here are user ID.
Okay.
This is going to be equal to session.
That's.
User data, user I.D..
No.
If we had a comment, let's just start the server to be sure first.
Now, if you add a comment, it should add user idea as well.
So now.
Let's add a comment.
It's just a current one, for example.
Well, let's check to hear.
Let's check the comments.
I should find the comments.
A lot of comments.
Uh.
Yeah.
Comment one It has user I.D. now.
Now we can compare this user ID, uh, with inside a comment that yes, we can just say session that
user ID user ID is equal to comment dot user ID.
If this one is equal, show the trash icon.
So now let's restart the server.
I'm sure it's still having a problem, but, uh, let's try.
Yeah.
No.
For this comment that has the user idea inside, we have a trash icon.
Let's try this.
And he's asking me, Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Okay, Scott.
Perfect.
Let's add another one.
For example.
Hello.
Now you can see I can delete it, but let's sign in with another user.
Let's sign in.
For example, with this one, we shouldn't see the delete our account for this person.
Now let's comment here.
For example, say nice.
So we are going to be redirected to the this page is you can see I cannot delete this comment which
is not mine, but I can like it.
I can like my own.
And also I can like.
My own.
I can delete my own comment as well.
That's okay.
The other teams.
When we are in the homepage, when I click on the text or this image, I want to be redirected to this
post page, not only clicking on the chat icon so we can go to post, but yes.
And add this functionality.
So in in the post, the text and post image, you're going to add a router.
So first we need to bring the user out outer at the top.
We already have it actually here router a user out there.
So we can just easily use it.
So we have this post text.
So inside this paragraph I added on click.
Which is going to have a function that is redirect the person using router push.
And the address is uh.
It should be a dynamic.
So at.
Back to work here.
It's a slash process and then we should have the
post IED.
Most likely we are getting.
Uh, I think we are just getting the I.D..
From inputs.
Let me check.
Or is it?
Oh, here.
You're kidding.
This is the post I.D..
So here.
Uh, inside the post image.
Post-tax here.
This fund should be.
Are we doing it?
Actually, this.
Fairly precise just here at the.
Okay.
And then we just copy this one and add it to the images file here.
Let's.
Try it, click here.
We should be redirected to that page.
It come back.
We click on this or this image, we should go to the post section or.
Okay.
Yeah.
It looks okay now.
Okay.
Let's add everything to the guitar.
We just can't at all.
And we attic masses by using gift comment.
And the message would be.
Complete.
Complete the.
Comment component.
And we push it to.
Get.
So let's check GitHub now.
Refresh the page.
No, we have 24 comments and the last one is complete the comment component.
So inside a comment that yes, we actually brought.
Everything from poster J.S. but is in a letter.
Let me briefly explain what I've changed.
So instead of getting post an idea, we've got the comment comment idea and original post idea.
Then.
In the U.S effects that people are getting the likes.
We change this after the post we just said.
What was your capacity?
And then we went to the comments collection and then we went inside a comment.
Then.
For the likes.
We didn't change anything for the car, for the adding, the like or deleting.
We just changed it.
Direction like this.
The Post original post idea, comments, comments, ideas and likes and for sitting there the likes
as well and for deleting we change the query as well.
And, uh.
We added a padding left here.
And also.
Yeah.
We add.
We deleted the data for all of them.
Yeah.
Everything's, uh, similar here.
We set the post I did to original post I.D..
And, uh.
We can change the delete posts to delay delete comment.
Yes, this is fine.
And inside a comment model that yes, we added another.
Field called user I.D. so we could use that to add the trash icon.
So we just check the trash icon here.
The four poster j Yes, we ve redirected the person when the person is clicking on the text and image.
Using router.
And inside the idea that yes we added we changed it to comment idea.
Also we got the original post idea.
Yeah.
That was it for this section in the next section.
Uh, probably I'm going to deploy the reps and deploy this, but, uh.
I'm not sure.
Maybe I add more functionality or maybe I add more functionality after deploying as an update.
So I see you in the next section.
We see what I'm going to do, but for sure I'm going to add more functionality.
I'm going to finish the, uh.
A five firestorm section.
I'm going to add authentication there and then also the page for the user.
And many, many more things are coming and just check for the updates and also check for the new and.
New projects, I'm going to add more projects as well.
And more in any new projects comes it comes with more functionality because I'm learning and also I'm
teaching you at the same time.
So bear with me and also check the updates.
I'm going to update this course every week or every month at least.
So see you in the next section.